{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!doctype html>\
<head>\
<meta charset="UTF-8">\
<link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">\
<title>yoctoPets</title>\
<meta name="viewport" content="width=360, initial-scale=1">\
</head>\
<body>\
<article class="paper">\
  <h1>yoctoPets</h1>\
\
<p>The life of a yoctoPet is tiny, brutish, and short. But with your care they can live out their lives in happiness and health.</p>\
\
<h2>Care Tips</h2>\
<ul>\
  <li>When a yoctoPet cries out for attention (!!), it usually needs something. Check the <b>stats screen</b> to see what's wrong.</li>\
  <li>If a yoctoPet doesn't want to do something, it will proudly refuse. <b>Don't take it personally.</b></li>\
  <li>A balanced diet helps keep your yoctoPet healthy. Fruit is nutritious and filling. Candy is fun but unhealthy. There are only two foods. <b>There are no secret foods.</b></li>\
  <li>yoctoPets love to play Hi-Lo. This is a card game where you win by guessing whether the next card dealt will be higher or lower than the last. <b>Aces are high.</b> Three correct guesses in a row wins!</li>\
  <li>When the <b>skull icon</b> appears it means your yoctoPet is ill. Give it some medicine!</li>\
  <li>Even the best cared for yoctoPets will eventually die. Learn to let go. Or <b>take pictures</b> to remember the good times.</li>\
</ul> \
</article>\
\
<div id="case">\
<div id="screen">\
  <div class="icons">\
    <i id="i-0" class="active"></i>\
    <i id="i-1"></i>\
    <i id="i-2"></i>\
    <i id="i-3"></i>\
  </div>\
  <canvas width=320 height=160></canvas>\
  <div class="icons">\
    <i id="i-4"></i>\
    <i id="i-5"></i>\
    <i id="i-6"></i>\
    <i id="i-7"></i>\
  </div>\
</div>\
<div id="buttons">\
<button id="l">&lt;</button>\
<button id="n">
\f1 \uc0\u10008 
\f0 </button>\
<button id="y">
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 </button>\
<button id="r">&gt;</button>\
</div>\
</div>\
<div id='p'></div>\
<script src=game.js></script>\
</body>}